lib/promscrape: adds filter for consul_sd_configs: (#4184)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackup.html): store backup creation and completion time in `backup_complete.ignore` file of backup contents. This is useful to determine point in time when backup was created and completed.
* FEATURE: [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager.html): add `created_at` field to the output of `/api/v1/backups` API and `vmbackupmanager backup list` command. See this [doc](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager.html#api-methods) for data format details.
* FEATURE: deprecate `-bigMergeConcurrency` command-line flag, since improper configuration for this flag frequently led to uncontrolled growth of unmerged parts, which, in turn, could lead to queries slowdown and increased CPU usage. The concurrency for [background merges](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#storage) can be controlled via `-smallMergeConcurrency` command-line flag, though it isn't recommended to do in general case.

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): adds advanced filtering for [consul service discovery](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#consul_sd_configs). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4183) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): support new filtering options `filter` and `node_filter` for [consul service discovery](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#consul_sd_configs). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4183) for details.
```
